Name: Write an illustrated article

Abstract: The user create an article on the website. This use case describe all
the mandatory steps to write an article, from creation to publishing, with an
image, in an CMS like Plone

Preconditions:
  - the user has the right to create an article
  - the user has a content to publish
  - the user has some images for his/her article

Trigger: The user wants to write a new article.

Main course:
 1. in a Plone directory, the user choose "article" in the "add item" menu
 2. the system shows a list of article models, with a default model and an
    option to skip this step
 3. the user choose one of the models, and clicks* on the "next" button
 4. the system shows an edition form of an article, with the fields of this
    article with their default values, and some tabs for the allowed addable
    content types
 5. the user fills the Title and Description field as needed
 6. the user wites his/her article with the help of an high level embeded editor
 7. the user clicks* on a content type tab to add an image
 8. the system displays to the user a content selection interface and a submit
    button
 9. the user make his/her choice and validate the interface
10. the system shows to the user the edit form of the article in the same state
    that at the end of the step 6
11. steps 6 and 7 through 10 can eventually been repeated
12. the user submit the form by clicking* on the "save" form button
13. the system presents to the user the page in its final version with a banner
    indicating that the user should evolve the workflow
14. the user eventually do all the actions in order to publich the article

* or any other appropriate method to generate this action.

Alternatives courses:
When the user makes an error:
13. the system shows the edit page, lighting the fields that are erroneous
14. go o the step 11 of the main course

Comments:
 1. steps 6 though 10 are optionnal
 2. the image selection course is detailed in another use case

Metadata:
$Id$
